add a coming soon section (#2550)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/go-sdk-road-to-2/index.md

- Deploy a Kubernetes cluster using [Azure Kubernetes Service](https://github.com/pulumi/examples/tree/master/azure-go-aks).

To keep up with our progress, follow our [Go project on Github](https://github.com/orgs/pulumi/projects/7), and feel free to [open a new issue](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/issues/new) with ideas, feedback, and bugs. [Join the community in Slack](https://slack.pulumi.com/) to discuss your scenarios, and to get any needed assistance from the team and other end users.

### Coming Soon

Some exciting things to keep an eye out for:

- [Kubernetes Support](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-kubernetes/issues/70)

> - [Go Modules Migration](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/issues/3817)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Retiring Dep in favor of Go Modules](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/issues/3817)
```

Reviewer: ^^^ minor
